Compiling and constructing the program on its own without precomiling the
headers took 2:41.

While using precompiled headers it took 0:46 to compile and construct the
program. However, this increase in speed came at the cost of the space taken
up by the precompiled headers :
	Name 		Size (in MB)
	uio		25.4
	exception	31.3
	string		34.8
	mbuf    	36.6
	mstream		38.9
	main		41.1
	keys		43.9
	student		44.6
	arg		48.3
	datetime	50.9
	students	51.6
For a total combined of 436 MB taken up on the disk. 

Using a single precompiled header (SPCH) the compilation and construction took
2:42. This however, includes the compilation of the header so constructing
the program again without having to recompile the beader would be a big time
saver. The SPCH takes up about 54.8 MB on the disk, which is an order of
magnitude less than having all the headers precompiled individually. 

When doing the compilation using all the CPUs the user time shows 8:26 but the
real time shows 0:38 to compile and construct the program once again including
the compilation time of the headers.
 
After deleting all the object, library and precompiled headers recompiling the
program takes 0:02

Depending on the on the situation different methods would be more appropriate. 
Considering the size of precompiled headers, it makes most sense to use them
in very large programs when compilation times become very long. 

In a situation where the libraries in use are undergoing changes it makes
sense to precompile them individually even though it takes up more disk space.
Doing it this way means only the libraries that have been changed need to be 
recompiled before constructing the program thus saving a consierable amount 
of time.

While in a situation where the libraries are mostly set, or are public and 
very stable it makes sense to build a SPCH which cuts down significantly on 
the amount of storage used by the file and saves time when building the 
program. However if there were a change in one of the libraries the whole 
header would have to be recompiled. 
